Cis2 invoke (#72)
Concordium/concordium-wallet-proxy: README.md

* `GET /v0/appSettings`: get the up-to-date status of the old mobile wallet app.
* `GET /v1/appSettings`: get the up-to-date status of the new mobile wallet app.
* `GET /v0/epochLength`: get the epoch length in milliseconds.
* `GET /v0/CIS2Tokens/{index}/{subindex}`: get the list of tokens on a given contract address.
* `GET /v0/CIS2TokenMetadata/{index}/{subindex}`: get the metadata of tokens in on given contract address.

> * `GET /v0/CIS2TokenMetadata/{index}/{subindex}/{account address}`: get the metadata of tokens in on given contract address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GET /v0/CIS2TokenBalance/{index}/{subindex}/{account address}`: get the balance of tokens in on given contract address for a given account address.
```

    "metadataChecksum": null,
    "metadataURL": "https://some.example/token/1209FE3BC3497E47376DFBD9DF0600A17C63384C85F859671956D8289E5A0BE8",
    "tokenId": "1209fe3bc3497e47376dfbd9df0600a17c63384c85f859671956d8289e5a0be8"
  },
  {
    "metadataChecksum": null,
    "metadataURL": "https://some.example/token/1209FE3BC3497E47376DFBD9DF0600A17C63384C85F859671956D8289E5A0BE8",
    "tokenId": "1209fe3bc3497e47376dfbd9df0600a17c63384c85f859671956d8289e5a0be8"
  }
]
```

## Get token balance for an account address

The endpoint `v0/CIS2TokenBalance/index/subindex/accountAddress` retrieves the
balance of tokens for the given account address.

The following parameters are supported and required
- `tokenId`: a comma separated list of token IDs. Token IDs are hex encoded, in
  the same format as that returned by `CIS2Tokens` endpoint. An empty string is interpreted
  as a single token with an empty ID.

The return value is a JSON list of objects with fields

- `balance` (required) ... a string that contains the balance as a decimal
  number. The balance is always non-negative, but can be very large, and will
  not fit into a 64-bit integer in general, so unbounded integer types should be

>   used.

Reviewer: The CIS-2 standard limits it to 256 bits

>   used.

Reviewer: Maybe also mention that the metadata contains the info of how to display this number. i.e how many decimals

Author: Done
